FORMS-1095 Move CHEFS links from Wiki to Backstage (#1430)
bcgov/common-hosted-form-service: CONTRIBUTING.md

All contributors retain the original copyright to their stuff, but by contributing to this project, you grant a world-wide, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, transferable license to all users **under the terms of the [license](./LICENSE) under which this project is distributed**.

> To set up CHEFS on your workstation, visit the [Developer](https://developer.gov.bc.ca/docs/default/component/chefs-techdocs/Developer/) Wiki page.

Reviewer: The documentation is no longer a "Wiki page", so maybe it could be something like:
```suggestion
To set up CHEFS on your workstation, visit the [developer documentation](https://developer.gov.bc.ca/docs/default/component/chefs-techdocs/Developer/).
```
